choice
	prompt "High Memory Support"
	default HIGHMEM4G
	depends on X86_32

config NOHIGHMEM
	bool "off"
	---help---
	  Linux can use up to 64 Gigabytes of physical memory on x86 systems.
	  However, the address space of 32-bit x86 processors is only 4
	  Gigabytes large. That means that, if you have a large amount of
	  physical memory, not all of it can be "permanently mapped" by the
	  kernel. The physical memory that's not permanently mapped is called
	  "high memory".

	  If you are compiling a kernel which will never run on a machine with
	  more than 1 Gigabyte total physical RAM, answer "off" here (default
	  choice and suitable for most users). This will result in a "3GB/1GB"
	  split: 3GB are mapped so that each process sees a 3GB virtual memory
	  space and the remaining part of the 4GB virtual memory space is used
	  by the kernel to permanently map as much physical memory as
	  possible.

	  If the machine has between 1 and 4 Gigabytes physical RAM, then
	  answer "4GB" here.

	  If more than 4 Gigabytes is used then answer "64GB" here. This
	  selection turns Intel PAE (Physical Address Extension) mode on.
	  PAE implements 3-level paging on IA32 processors. PAE is fully
	  supported by Linux, PAE mode is implemented on all recent Intel
	  processors (Pentium Pro and better). NOTE: If you say "64GB" here,
	  then the kernel will not boot on CPUs that don't support PAE!

	  The actual amount of total physical memory will either be
	  auto detected or can be forced by using a kernel command line option
	  such as "mem=256M". (Try "man bootparam" or see the documentation of
	  your boot loader (lilo or loadlin) about how to pass options to the
	  kernel at boot time.)

	  If unsure, say "off".

config HIGHMEM4G
	bool "4GB"
	---help---
	  Select this if you have a 32-bit processor and between 1 and 4
	  gigabytes of physical RAM.

config HIGHMEM64G
	bool "64GB"
	depends on !M486
	select X86_PAE
	---help---
	  Select this if you have a 32-bit processor and more than 4
	  gigabytes of physical RAM.

endchoice

config X86_PAE
  bool

config X86_32
  bool

config M486
  bool
